Open a pull request from readme-update (#5)
helensiadiman/reviewing-a-pull-request: README.md

To play the game:
1. Go to the **Settings** tab of this repository.
1. Scroll down to the section titled _GitHub Pages_

> 1. Select **main** from the Source drop-down.

Author: ```suggestion
 Press the **main** button from the Source drop-down.
```

1. Click **Save**.
1. Navigate to the URL provided in the same section.

### Instructions for playing the game

1. Press the space bar to begin.
2. Use the up and down arrow keys to rotate the shape.
3. Use the left and right arrow keys to position the shape.
4. The goal is to create complete rows with no empty spaces.
5. When completed, the rows will disappear.
6. To pause the game, just press the space bar again.

>> _*SUPPORTED BROWSERS*: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera and IE9+_

> This fun open source game was cloned from: https://github.com/jakesgordon/javascript-tetris

Author: ```suggestion
You can play the game at: https://helensiadiman.github.io/github-games/
```
